Add language about bit-fields (#743)
microsoft/hlsl-specs: specs/language/classes.tex

\Ch{Classes}{Classes}
\Sec{Bit-field}{Classes.Bitfield}
\p A bit-field is a class member with an explicit size specified in bits. Bit-fields must be of an underflying integer type.
\begin{HLSL}
struct Foo {
  uint A : 10;
  bool B : 1;
};
\end{HLSL}
\p A bit-field can be unnamed.  Unnamed bit-fields cannot be accessed or initialized.
\begin{HLSL}
struct Foo {
  uint : 10;
};
\end{HLSL}

> \p The explicit size of a named bit-field can be any number of bits greater than zero and less than or equal to the size of the specified type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\p The explicit size of a named bit-field must be a constant expression of integer type, and must resolve to a number greater than zero and less than or equal to the size of the specified type in bits.
```
